Non-UK citizens fees and finance page updates (#4480)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees.md

  - Settlement Scheme
---

Most non-UK citizens will not be eligible for financial support from the UK government to help with teacher training.

Some support may be available if you:

* train to teach languages or physics

* have some type of settled status in the UK, for example, through the [EU Settlement Scheme](https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families) or [indefinite leave to remain](https://www.gov.uk/indefinite-leave-to-remain)

* are [from Ukraine or Afghanistan and are on certain visas](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees)

* are an Irish citizen

Support may include: 

> * a reduction in fees to the home fee rate paid by UK applicants (set at a maximum of £9,535) – if you’re eligible, this fee will be the same for all courses offered by training providers 

Author: ```suggestion
* a reduction in fees to the home fee rate paid by UK applicants (set at a maximum of $fees_pgitt_domesticfulltime$) – if you’re eligible, this fee will be the same for all courses offered by training providers 
```
